feat: document compute resource caps (#61)
shuttle-hq/shuttle-docs: support/faq.mdx

    This gives you safe isolation from other users,
    and also across all the projects that are owned by your account.
  </Accordion>
  <Accordion title="What happens when I create a project?">

>     The `cargo shuttle project new` command creates a Docker containers, which will

Reviewer: Update this to `start` so I don't have to 😊

Author: Yes, that would be preferable :pray:

>     The `cargo shuttle project new` command creates a Docker containers, which will

Author: ```suggestion
    The `cargo shuttle project new` command starts a Docker container, which will
```
